Add a glossary - rebecca
Add a homeoage - rebecca 
CAn we make use of more colours from the palette? - Rebecca
Morayo - no age titles in the tab
Check coding for the future 0 is it centralised?
Make sure BCC is also noted as Blackheath coding club

About us

Thorughout - add the footer to have the URL and a list who who was involved.


Annabel
Missing example of forward slash para 2: 

CSS, HTML and a little of JavaScript. HTML stands for Hyper Text Markup Language. Whenever making a website HTML is the first and last tag on the page, but on the last tag you put a forward slash, like this: . CSS is our team's favourite part. It makes a website attractive and easy to read.CSS is the colours and the font of a website.It was a major part in making this site. We have learnt a lot about coding over the last few months. On our first lesson we learnt about; the user, the web browser, the Internet and the back end as you can see in the drawing below.
No padding in IE



Morayo:
Christmassy should ahve a captial C as should notepad.
CSS is the colours and the font --- should be ARE
Should we list what CSS stands for.
Flat the Cfor K logo to the left
Backend - should be one word (WwL)


Rebecca:
Line 1) Add the word 'us' as the next line is possessive.
Check layout between About Us and Get Involved
Under subtitle (WWL) start with 'We have learned'
As above: new paragraph after hyper text mark up language
CSS is our team's favourite part. It (comma not full stop)
About us paragrpah 1:

This website was designed, written and developed by US; the kids of Blackheath Coding Club. 


<At first coding wasn't as serious because it was just a fun activity to do on a Sunday evening, but it started to get serious when we decided to enter Young Rewired State> wording

Elizabeth:
All pages - add a dragon
All pages - flash page
Right hand picture is blurred - query the picture at all.
Inconsisten full stop spacing

Eli - navigation box around the navigation and around the title




Get Invoved:

Eli: 
More attractive - no pictures - maybe the video will be enough
Add in the video
'your input' - ???
More interesting looking.


Elizabeth:
missing link at bottom
Describe more ways to get involved?
Full stop spacing.


Rebecca:
Coder Dojo - add in and Code Academy and JavaScript and JQuery.
YRS is the biggest event of the year for young developers. 

About Coding for Kids:

Coding for Kids is where you go to do coding >>>> Capitalise K

Morayo:

After the hard work of the week there will be a presentation where government members, Google, Microsoft and more will be judging and inspiring your coding ideas further
web pages and websites should be one word
Smartphone - capital S
Throughout the week you will be creating a web page or smartphone app including government data! So come along, not only for the prizes of phones and plaques but for the overal experience!. (remove full stop)

Annabel:
There will also be big prizes for the overall winner and others to for the juniors and more!


GALLERY:

Rebecca - no pictures
'Previous' - instead of 


Eli - add in wording about the image
height of picture shoud be defined, so as it doesn't jump up and down,


Quote:

Elizabeth - 'Annabel - HTML in captials'
Morayo - web pages, JavaScript - 
Eli and Elizabeth

Morayo:

I enjoy BCC thoroughly because even though we are doing coding, which is serious, Rob and Lily make the lessons fun. We also have a good understanding of code and Rob and Lily are very helpful!

Elizabeth:

I have really enjoyed the first few months of BCC and I have personally learnt a lot! I am extremely thankful to Rob and Lily for teaching us the concept of coding and making web sites. So far it has been an amazing experience for me and I am looking forward to winning YRS!

Rebecca:

I find coding really enjoyable because we get to learn new I.T. skills, we will need these modern skills in future life. I think coding is a great idea for children because in future life it will be essential, hence our slogan: 'Coding For The Future'. If you want to learn to code I recomend Code Accademy and Rob and Lily as teachers!

Quotes page 2 - pacing between names and quote spacing the length of the quotes








